Update AWS Trusted Advisor documentation (#4796)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/supported-services/trusted-advisor.rst

AWS Trusted Advisor
===================

`AWS Trusted Advisor <https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/trustedadvisor/>`_ provides real time guidance to help users reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security by optimizing their AWS environment following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor logs can be stored into a S3 bucket thanks to `Amazon EventBridge <https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/>`_ and `Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose <https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-firehose/>`_, allowing Wazuh to process them and generate alerts using the built-in rules Wazuh provides, as well as any :ref:`custom rules <ruleset_custom>` available.

Amazon configuration
--------------------

Learn how to configure the different services required to integrate Trusted Advisor into Wazuh:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-advisor.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

Amazon Kinesis configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to be able to store the Trusted Advisor logs into the desired S3 bucket so Wazuh can process them.

> #. :ref:`Create a new <S3_bucket>` S3 bucket. (If you want to use an already created one, skip this step).

Reviewer: Consider this rewording.
```suggestion
#. :ref:`Create a new <S3_bucket>` S3 bucket. (If you want to use an already existing one, skip this step).
```

#. Search for ``kinesis`` in the search bar at the top of the page or go to ``Services`` > ``Analytics`` > ``Kinesis``:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-0.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Select the ``Kinesis Data Firehose`` option and then click in the ``Create delivery stream`` button:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-1.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Select ``Direct PUT`` and ``Amazon S3`` as the desired Source and Destination, respectively:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-2.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Choose an appropriate ``Delivery stream name``:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-3.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

> #. Leave both ``Transform`` and ``convert records`` options disabled:

Reviewer: I think it's clearer to use the name of the fields instead of the first word of the title of the section.
```suggestion
#. Leave both ``Data transformation`` and ``Record format conversion`` options disabled:
```

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-4.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

> #. Select the desired S3 bucket as the destination. It if possible to specify a custom prefix to alter the path where AWS store the logs. AWS Firehose creates a file structure ``YYYY/MM/DD/HH``, if a prefix is used the created file structure would be ``prefix-name/YYYY/MM/DD/HH``. If a prefix is used it must be specified under the Wazuh Bucket configuration:

Reviewer: Fix the typo.
```suggestion
#. Select the desired S3 bucket as the destination. It is possible to specify a custom prefix to alter the path where AWS store the logs. AWS Firehose creates a file structure ``YYYY/MM/DD/HH``, if a prefix is used the created file structure would be ``prefix-name/YYYY/MM/DD/HH``. If a prefix is used it must be specified under the Wazuh Bucket configuration:
```

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-5.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Create or choose an existing IAM role to be used by Kinesis Data Firehose to access within the ``Advanced settings`` section, if required:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-kinesis-6.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

> #. Click on the ``Create delivery stream`` button at the end of the page. The new Delivery stream will be created and it's details will be shown as follows:

Reviewer: Fix the typo.
```suggestion
#. Click on the ``Create delivery stream`` button at the end of the page. The new Delivery stream will be created and its details will be shown as follows:
```

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-eventbridge-1.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Click on the ``Create rule`` button:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-eventbridge-2.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

#. Give an appropriated name for the EventBridge rule:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-eventbridge-3.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. In the ``Define pattern`` section choose ``Event pattern``, then ``Pre-defined pattern by service``. Select ``AWS`` and ``Trusted Advisor`` as the ``Service provider`` and ``Service name``, respectively. Choose ``All Events`` as the desired ``Event type``:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-eventbridge-4.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

#. Select the Firehose delivery stream created following the Kinesis steps as the ``Target`` for this EventBridge rule. Create a new role or specify an existing one for this resource if required:

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/aws/trusted-eventbridge-5.png
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

> #. Scroll down and click on the ``Create rule``. The new rule will now be present in the ``Amazon EventBridge`` > ``Rules`` section, ready to be used. From now on, every time a Trusted Advisor event is sent, it will be stored in our S3 bucket. Remember to first enable the service to monitor, otherwise no data will be processed:

Reviewer: Fix typo. Also, I suggest a couple of rewordings that I think make the paragraph sound a little better.
```suggestion
#. Scroll down and click on ``Create rule``. The new rule will now be present in the ``Amazon EventBridge`` > ``Rules`` section, ready to be used. From now on, every time a Trusted Advisor event is sent, it will be stored in the specified S3 bucket. Remember to enable the Trusted Advisor service first, otherwise no data will be processed:
```

      .. code-block:: console

        # service wazuh-agent restart

> The :ref:`AWS S3 module <wodle_s3>` configuration can be accessed and modified from **Wazuh** > **Management** > **Configuration** > **Cloud security monitoring** once added it in the :ref:`Local configuration <reference_ossec_conf>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :ref:`AWS S3 module <wodle_s3>` configuration can be reviewed from **Wazuh** > **Management** > **Configuration** > **Cloud security monitoring** once added in the :ref:`Local configuration <reference_ossec_conf>`.
```
